# hello_world_final

As an English major who has perennially found himself at various battling odds with phones, computers, or, indeed, any mode of technology, I am the first to admit that I struggled immensely with the coding elements of my ‘Hello World’ sketch. I cannot claim to boast any background in computer science, and this opening project, therefore, represented my very first foray into the realm of coding – an overwhelmingly frustrating first foray I must confess. However, once I actually began to move things around successfully, my satisfaction was firmly undeniable. Although the piece may appear distinctly eclectic, I feel like I was ultimately able to capture the primary thematic elements which fueled the artistic endeavour: the frustration I felt throughout the process capitulated as an apocalyptic maelstrom on a global scale; and bizarre representations of some kind of abstruse, and absurdist, theological salvation. Inspired by a Chinese folk vision of the apocalypse, the eleven snow leopards represent the harbingers of the end of days in a manner parallel to the Four Horsemen of the Biblical tradition. The tale warns of a day when these eleven snow leopards would descend from the Tien-Shan Mountains, and gallop across the Earth’s equator, scorching everything in their path. Yet, I encountered the obstinate coding obstacle of imbuing the snow leopards with motion – an obstacle which, I am ashamed to confess, ultimately proved insurmountable. Looking forward, I hope to be able to include various forms of motion in my pieces, contributing a sense of dynamism which I believe, at least, proves crucial to the artistry underlying digital art. For someone as technologically challenged as I, it is a game of small steps – the first of which, logically, rests in learning to master linear motion. In conjunction, my ‘Hello World’ sketch also lacks an interactive element which I will also strive to remedy in future works. Ultimately, I enjoyed this project, at least once I started making progress, and it definitely hauled me out of my academic comfort zone, and although I’m relatively happy with the final product, it is unequivocal that there remains much progress to be made in the weeks to come.

https://benjaminroith.github.io/hello_world_final/

[358]
